gh-124879: simplify `colorsys.rgb_to_hsv` (#124880)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2024-10-02-16-47-45.gh-issue-124879.9m2Wmx.rst

> `colorsys.rgb_to_hsv` has been slightly optimized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optimized :func:`colorsys.rgb_to_hsv` to reduce the number of operations.
```
